# Additional PQC Next Steps Side Meeting at IETF 115
* Monday, November 7, 2022, 1800-1900 (London time)
* Richmond 6, West Wing, First Floor
* Remote Connectivity
  * [Zoom link](https://cmu.zoom.us/j/91727694063?pwd=dUwyekRKVTVBL0E0eDFmTmFtdHlpdz09)
  * Note: This room will not be configurated with the streamlined A/V support provided for formal IETF meetings.  We will use a "whole room" microphone which historically has provided reasonable audio support for the speakers in the room.

## (1) "PQC Transition Support" WG proposal 
* Background:
  * [Introduction on pqc@ietf](https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/pqc/FdsciCPx5lmkkUFtz7D9poObTFY/)
  * [Charter text](https://github.com/rdanyliw/ietf-pqc-transition/blob/main/pqct-charter.md)
* Discussion
  * Is this addressing a problem we need to tackle?
  * Is the scope right?
  * Is there support?

## (2) What other PQC tasks need to happen?
* [Background](https://trac.ietf.org/trac/sec/wiki/PQCAgility)
* [Running Inventory of Tasks](https://github.com/rdanyliw/ietf-pqc-transition/blob/main/ietf115-pqc-next-steps-side-meeting-work-homes.md)
* Discussion
  * Which tasks already have a home?
  * Which tasks need a home?

## (3) Do we need a PQC Directorate?
* Background: do we need to form directorate (akin to SECDIR) for PQC issues?
* Discussion
  * Is there a current need?
  * Relationship to/coordination with SECDIR or CFRG
  * What is the right scope?
  * Are there volunteers?
